[RHDHPAI-814] Update TechDocs (#77)
redhat-ai-dev/ai-lab-template: skeleton/techdoc/docs/index.md

# **Introduction**

> Congratulations! You deployed an application from an AI Software Template. The template has created a new source code repository for the application code, as well as a new GitOps deployment repository to handle deployment related tasks.

Reviewer: The no-app template does not create a new src code repo

!!! info

    **Source Code Repository:** [${{ values.srcRepoURL }}](${{ values.srcRepoURL }})

    **GitOps Repository:** [${{ values.repoURL }}](${{ values.repoURL }})

# **Usage**

> To access the application that was deployed from your use of the template, you can follow along with the instructions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the ${{ values.name }} application that was deployed using the Software Template, you can follow along with the instructions below:
```
